How can we help with your charities : Raise funds for your charity
Our fundraising campaigns will help you get more funds for your goals. You can start now for free.
Get qualified volunteers
Your can recruit volunteers from a big pool of able and willing people within your city. You can start now for free.
Procure goods from cheapest sources,Select partners will get access to our government-verified suppliers, who sell to charities at a discounted price. You can apply now.
Charities already
partnered with Karma Points
More than 100 charities are using Karma Points to bring in more donors and volunteers to scale their efforts. Join them today.
You can start for free with your charity with karma points , all you need to do is download the official karma points app from playstore or appstore , register your charity there and create your goals(after review) and that's it you can get started with karma points with your own charity in these few simple steps...the other way will be visiting the karma points website and visit the charities panel and fill in your details ,our team will reach you out soon...
Here is the info of some of the major charity foundations that are connected with us and also their respective targets and goals...
1) ALOG Welfare Foundation
Active Since 2022 - Animals
2)Help Beti Foundation raise funds to educate kids on the streets ,About the goal
Summary ,At Beti Foundation, we believe that every child deserves access to quality education, regardless of their circumstances. Since our inception in September 2016, we have been dedicated to providing free education to street children in New Delhi. We envision a future where these children have the opportunity to break the cycle of poverty and build a brighter future for themselves. But we can't do it alone. We need your support to make a lasting difference in their lives.

3)CRY for Change foundation: Nurturing Futures in the First 1000 Days,CRY (Child Rights and You) is a 44-year-old NGO with a rich legacy of changing the lives of underprivileged children across 19 Indian states. Currently, our focus is on ensuring optimum health and development for India's children and expecting mothers during the first 1000 days of life, a critical period that sets the foundation for a child's future well-being. With distressing statistics on child and maternal mortality in India, it's urgent to act now. CRY's evidence-based interventions have been successful in select regions and are primed for broader implementation.

4) Primal pathshala : Join us in empowering young minds through education! Parimal Pathshala, an NGO established in 2014, is dedicated to providing underprivileged children with quality education and skill development opportunities. With your support, we can transform lives and create a brighter future for these deserving students. Together, let's make a lasting impact!

5)Parmesh dwar : Since our foundation in 2010, we've passionately worked to uplift underprivileged communities, focusing on providing basic necessities and quality education. We firmly believe in the power of education to transform lives, and our mission centers on empowering disadvantaged children to rewrite their futures.

Apart from these major charities their are over 100s of charities listed with us and we try our best to help them reach their targets...for more updated info about various charities you can donate to, you can directly visit the charities section of our official website : https://thekarmapoints.com/charity



If you donate on karma points you can get amazing rewards and coupan discounts from various companies affiliated with us such as : bhojan , chaipoint , cult fit , Shaze , Nathabit, Lakanto, Tann trim  these brands will include various offers as discounts such as flat 10-30% off as well as flat discounts on their purchases.

Your old can be, someone’s new ,If you want to donate your clothes, appliances, shoes or anything else, then click on the button on donation page of website, fill the form and we will arrange a pick up. At minimal cost.
Karma Points Physical Office location is F9, Tower 15, Type 3, East Kidwai Nagar, New Delhi - 110023